Kunlun Yushan a value 5 million
Gold bars 12 diamond rings worth 20 million South embryos
Shimei is worth 30 million
The Supreme Glazed Jade Cup is worth 50 million
Bamboo Leaf Laofuru Donghai Shoubinan Mountain
Supreme glass cup
Qin Shao is generous
This rare treasure has been obtained by the Qin family
As expected of the Qin family
I didn't expect Young Master Qin to be so generous
I forgive you if I can marry you
That's his blessing.
Hahahaha
Join Ye Lao's birthday banquet today
I am fortunate to see so many rare treasures
Among them, Young Master Qin is the most precious
I don't know if I can let the old man watch it carefully
Master Wang
Take your time.
This supreme glass cup
It is the imperial vessel used by King Ying Zheng of Qin when drinking and having fun
And so on.
Stained with a little supreme love
According to legend, the person who got it
You can be rich in this life
Qin Shao is really interesting
Gifts are so expensive
Right?
Who can compare to such a precious gift?
This glass cup
If I'm not wrong
Master Wang, what you want to say is
The only Supreme Glass Cup
It should be in the hands of the Dragon Palace
Right? Right.
The auction
The Dragon Palace team is also on the scene
It ended up in their hands
How could the people below know about our store?
What do you mean?
My Supreme Glazed Cup is fake.
Identify the authenticity of porcelain
I heard there is a very simple way
Just try it